**Describe** the term “Industry 4.0” and **identify** some major changes/differences from the 3rd industrial revolution:
[What is Industry 4.0 and how does it work? | IBM](https://www.ibm.com/topics/industry-4-0)
[What is industry 4.0? | Definition, technologies, benefits | SAP Insights](https://www.sap.com/insights/what-is-industry-4-0.html)


Industry 4.0, also known as the 4th industrial revolution, is most noticeable by increased automation, analysis and the use of smart machines.  Some key components, such as internet of things (IoT), cloud computing, artificial intelligence and machine learning, edge computing and cybersecurity; Give business' the flexibility to control and scale their business as and where needed; The data and visibility for replication to minimize downtime and improve capacity; Ultimately making business' more efficient and adaptable. 

_____________________________________________________


Industry 4.0 is revolutionizing the way companies manufacture, improve and distribute their products and services.
Industry 4.0 concepts and technologies can be applied across all types of industrial companies, inluding discrete and process manufacturing, as well as il and gas, mining and other industrial segments.

**3rd Industrial revolution**:
began in the middle of the 20th century, added computers, advanced telecommunictations and data analysis to manufacturing processes.  The digitization of factories began by embedding pogrammable login contrllers PLCs into machinery to help automate some processes and colelct and share data.
**AKA 4th industrial revolution**:
also referred to as Industry 4.0.  Characterized by increasing automation and the employment of smart machines an smart fctories, informe data helps to produce goods more efficiently and productively across the value chain.  Flexibility is improved so that manufacturers can better meet customer demands using mass customization - untilmately sekking to achieve efficiency with, in many cases, a lot size of one.  By collecting more data from the factory floor and combining that with other enterprise operational data, a smart factory can achieve information transparency and better decisions.

Key technology components driving Industry 4.0:
**IoT** - Internet of Things is a key component of smart factories.  Machines on the factory floor are equipped with sensors that feature an IP address that allows the machines to connect with other web-enabled devices.  This mechanization and connectivity make it possible for large amounts of valuable data to be collected, analyzed and exchanged.
**Cloud Computing** - cornerstone of any Industry 4.0 stregy.  Full realization of smart manufacturing demands connectivity and integration of engineering, supply chain, production, sales and distribution, and service.  Cloud helps make that posible.  In addition, the typically large amount of data being stored and analysed can be processed more efficiently and cost-effectively with cloud.  Cloud computing can also reduce startup costs for small to medium sized manufacturers who can right size their needs and scale as their business grows.
**AI and machine learning**
Allows manufacturing companies to take full advantage of the colume of information generated not just on the factory floor but across their business units and even from patners and third part sources.  It can create insights providing visibility, predictability and automtation of operations and business proecesses.  i.e. machines are prone to breaking down during the production process.  Using data collected from these assets can help businesses perform predictive maintenance based on machine learning algorithms, resulting in more uptime and higher efficiency.
**Cybersecurity** 

**Digital Twin** - virtual replicas

Industry 4.0 and hybrid multicloud IT architecture



